Update quota request doc (#2355)
BCDevOps/developer-experience: docs/resourceTuning/request-for-quota-increase.md

Resource quota increase can be requested by a Product Owner or a Tech Lead of the project on the project edit page in [Openshift 4 Project Registry](https://registry.developer.gov.bc.ca/public-landing) and will **require the approval** by the Platform Service Team before it is processed.  

> Teams requiring more resources in any of the 3 resource categories such as CPU/RAM/Storage in any of the 4 namespaces (dev, test, tool or prod), will have to submit a standard quota increase request through the Project Registry.  The upgrade path will only be available in this order: from small -> medium -> large. You cannot skip medium and upgrade from small to large.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Teams requiring more resources in any of the 3 resource categories such as CPU/RAM/Storage in any of the 4 namespaces (dev, test, tool or prod), will have to submit a standard quota increase request through the Project Registry.  The upgrade path is available to any bigger size quota [LINK TO QUOTA DEFINITION PAGE].
```

Author: got it. updated!
